I heard you were looking for me
Ah!
Tell me what the truth is
The truth is I'm getting married soon
Replace you and Lu Xuan
I don't care about Down
Don't care about you
All I want is Tang Seng
Only someone like me is worthy of him
Three years ago, I was coerced.
It's Tang Zhengchu
He forced me to leave Tang Yong
You killed Tang Zhengchu
I don't understand what you're talking about.
You dress up
Approach me at the bar
I always make car accidents.
Tell me to mess with the brakes
Give everything to the soup friend
Then what am I?
If I were you
I will never
sit still
That person is you
The murderer is you
The truth is you
No, no.
The truth is
You'll never know
I'm a liar.
I was a child
But
He won't love you
Like he never loved me
What? He loves him
Someone else.
Or is it because I work-study?
Appeared in the high definition classroom
It's the one I'm impersonating
I am a villain
It's a stand-in, when you're not even a stand-in.
What right do they have?
No.
Is it possible for him to be obsessed with strangers?